Mention ASan testing steps in `README.md` (#5049)
microsoft/STL: README.md

set PATH=C:\STL\out\x64\out\bin\amd64;%PATH%
```

> ## Running tests with Address Sanitizer (ASan)

Reviewer: We currently title case everything.

> You don't need to do any extra steps to run the test code and the code in STL headers with [ASan]. 

Author: I'm not sure what is the purpose of saying "instrumenting with ASan" instead of "running with ASan",
I'd prefer clarity over correctness here.

> You don't need to do any extra steps to run the test code and the code in STL headers with [ASan]. 

Reviewer 2: I think "running with ASan" is imprecise. If I load a DLL or link a static library that wasn't compiled with `-fsanitize=address` into my binary that was compiled with `-fsanitize=address` I have both ASan-instrumented and non-ASan-instrumented code running in a process with the ASan runtime. `malloc` calls will go through the ASan runtime, for example. Is the program "running with ASan"? Is the non-instrumented code running with ASan?

I think it's clearer to talk about which code is instrumented (ASan mediates all memory accesses) and not instrumented.

> You don't need to do any extra steps to run the test code and the code in STL headers with [ASan]. 

Author: Hm, I now agree I wanted to over-simplify

> You don't need any extra steps to run with test code and the code in STL headers instrumented with [ASan]. 

Reviewer: We conventionally use [collapsed reference links](https://github.github.com/gfm/#collapsed-reference-link) instead of [shortcut reference links](https://github.github.com/gfm/#shortcut-reference-link) - they're a bit more verbose but stand out more.

Test matrices include ASan configurations, they are run along with non-ASan configurations.

> However, to test with ASan separately-compiled code (the DLL, the satellites, the [Import Library] — everything that's
> in `/stl/src`), you'll need to build the STL with ASan. Change the build steps to add `-DSTL_ASAN_BUILD=ON`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, to instrument the separately-compiled code (the DLL, the satellites, the [Import Library] — everything that's
in `/stl/src`), you need to build the STL with ASan. Change the build steps to add `-DSTL_ASAN_BUILD=ON`:
```

```
cmake --preset x64 -DSTL_ASAN_BUILD=ON
cmake --build --preset x64
```

After that, the STL binaries would require that the executable is built with ASan too, so you'll have to skip the non-ASan

> configurations by passing `-Dtags=ASAN`:

Author: My neural network might not be trained on proper data (or is it Markov chain?), but "be" without "to" looks suspicious to me
